Java: Add BOM docs. (#3832)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/common/dependencies.mdx

---

> title: Managing Dependencies

Reviewer: Since this page is devoted to using a BOM, the page should reflect that
```suggestion
title: Using a BOM
description: "Learn more about using a bill of materials with multiple Sentry dependencies."
```

Reviewer: I also agree that this isn't quite the right spot. I'd do the following:
1. Move the page to a subpage of Configuration
2. Add a link to the page where we currently tell users about NDK and the dependency on Gson (`src/includes/getting-started-install/android`) adding "If you are using multiple Sentry dependencies, you can add a  [bill of materials](link to new page) to avoid specifying the version of each dependency."

sidebar_order: 1000
---

> ## Managing versions for multiple Sentry dependencies

Reviewer: We don't need this title as the content is pretty descriptive.

> When multiple Sentry dependencies are used, to avoid specifying the version of each dependency, you can use a *BOM* or *Bill Of Materials*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are using multiple Sentry dependencies, you can avoid specifying the version of each dependency with a *BOM* or *Bill Of Materials*.
```

> Using Maven you can add the following to `dependencyManagement` section in your `pom.xml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Maven, add the following to the `dependencyManagement` section in your `pom.xml`:
```

> ```xml {tabTitle:Maven}{filename:pom.xml}

Reviewer 2: Does it make sense to add the maven information on Android? Wouldn't Android be 90% (or more?) gradle?

Reviewer 3: if its an Android page only, only Gradle would be fine

Author: 👍

<dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>io.sentry</groupId>
            <artifactId>sentry-bom</artifactId>
            <version>{{ packages.version('sentry.java', '5.1.0') }}</version>
            <type>pom</type>
            <scope>import</scope>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</dependencyManagement>
```

> and then use dependencies without specifying a version, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then use dependencies without specifying a version, for example:
```

```xml {tabTitle:Maven}{filename:pom.xml}
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.sentry</groupId>
    <artifactId>sentry-android</artifactId>
</dependency>
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.sentry</groupId>
    <artifactId>sentry-android-fragment</artifactId>
</dependency>
```

> Using Gradle 5.0 or higher, you can add the following to the `dependencies` section in your `build.gradle`:

Reviewer: Given @bruno-garcia's comment above, do you want this content to move up on the page? (prior to the Maven content?)

Author: Removed maven part completely from android.
